The owner to:
provide favicon for website
tell if they want the product image to be zoomable


hide other fronted routes before showing them 
style the error.vue page


Add check. user shouldn't add the same item to their wishlist more than once
If they do, return error "product already in wishlist"

add links to social media, also on chatIcon

CHECK:
ORDERS

when removeItemFromWishlist(), on frontend, check how to "refresh" items in page after user removes

when returning reviews for a product, don't return the product field, user
when returning list of all reviews created by user, only return these fields (product name, slug, rating, comment, date created, review_id)

does user have to login after signing up. or does the backend auto logs them in

when returning list of user's orders, return "mode of payment", "status (active, completed, etc). Do we need the "status" field, if we do, it'll mean after user order is delivered, admin would have to manually set it in the dashboard to "completed"?

Can we not use numbers as orderIDs, or it's okay? We can use like a UUID, user doesn't have to see that they're the first or second people to ever order :'(

LOGO
password Reset
do we need to verify email (idk)





add "confirm popup" when user places order
when placing order, will you check the town selected by user and apply the respective delivery address to the total. 

when adding review, should we ask the user for their name, to be shown along each review. instead of showing a user's email
if that's so, when user adding a review, instead of "Title" field, we should change it to "name"

does each product have a category. idk if they're workingdo you think we need "related products section" I'd left space for that

remove from state.ts   totalItemsInCart: 0 /** show user total number of items in their cart */,

when user adds more products than there are in stock, return a json error, not just the string
All other errors too. Cause I'll be showing them to the user

design page ya wishlist

when returning products in cart, return image and quantity_in_stock (after this is done, add the code to check that in cart.vue (updateProductSubtotal()))
set debug false on prod



✅when returning list of products, return the slug field too (to_dict() method)
✅anonymous adding items to cart
✅don't add pagination when returning list of a user's orders
✅change format when returning wishlist products
✅when returning items in wishlist, only return {image, name, slug, price,product_id}
✅also don't paginate wishlist products
✅remove cart item not working

remove console.log statements
remove cartSummary variable from our store(state.ts)
✅if we get url for cartSummary, use that to get the totalItemsInCart value
✅pagination and filtering products doesn't work together


reviews routes, get, add, delete etc, use slug field, not productID
✅i need route to get the cartSummary

✅also, delivery fee, i'm thinking we should have a route that sets the fee
✅url ya all user reviews, user profile

updateCartSummary after updating cart in cart.vue (updateCartItemsShown())
✅Remove pagination from url returning categories, sub_cats, brands, reviews

✅csrf_exempt wishlist routes
✅check the error when login failed


✅problem on getting cart items. i need the summary too

BACKEND
✅Allow categories to be found using the name and not int IDs (eg laptops instead of 4)
✅IMPORTANT: validation of admin actions. eg adding product (they shouldn't leave any field empty)
✅return cart summary from backend. 
✅can user write multiple reviews for the same product. NOP
✅how do we handle user updating items in cart
✅add view for user to delete a review

GET /categories/ should accept category name instead of id
Are these name attributes stored anywhere in the backend.
    path('users/orders/', views.list_orders_placed_by_user_with_user_id, name='list-user-orders'),
or can i just use any 'name' as long as its unique

LATER: When returning items in cart, could you return the total number as well
LATER: allow product to have multiple images in database.
✅ write route to return reviews written by a specific user. also return id of the reviewed product
✅ Change time format when returning list of orders(return date and time)
CHECK FUNCTION TO UPDATE USER (i get 403 error code). tried adding csrf exempt.still not working
LATER: Reset/user password logic
LATER: during sign up. get the first and last name as one field. not separate
LATER: updating user info. When they change email ( we need to send verification link)

login/logout/sign up -> return status codes. + the json 
add method to update cart items. eg when user selects new quantity in cart page
✅ remove/add certain fields to shipping address
do we need a wishlist table for users
(maybe not. users shouldn't cancel orders once created) create route for user to cancel active orders. To be done after we create user profile
user writing review (allow user to also enter a "title(summary of review)" among the other fields)
✅ if review created, don't return that json that you're returning rn
✅ also if address created, do you need to send back that address. maybe just a status code
can user create mutliple reviews for same product
✅ format date for when review created (dd-mm-yy)
return null for absence (eg when user cart is empty)

✅when post/delete/put request successfull, don't return the json response
✅with all that info that you're retrning now. just return sth like {"success" : True} (check view for when user creates a review successfully, i've added that)
✅We don't want to 'expose' that much info on the client
✅ When creating an order, 500 error thrown. check that out

✅I shouldn't place an order if i don't have items in cart. currently, if i do that, the order is placed. Amount=0. The exceptions dont work
✅Backend Error pages. eg when user tries to access a route that is prohibited. eg /media/images
Set debug=False on prod and set ALLOWED_HOSTS
✅IMPORTANT: There's multiple things that still need to be done on backend. Security wise. eg only showing user profile to the right user
✅return loginrequired for some routes. We'll discuss which ones
csrf
✅remove userID from urls. Get it using req.user.id
✅remove print statements
✅show_logged_in_user_id should only return true if user auth, otherwise false. not the user id
✅IMPORTANT: Check that right user only can access their data

ADMIN ONLY ACTIONS:
restrict certain urls to the admins only . eg
put/del/post categories,
get/put/del orders etc

FRONTEND
Only call functions after everything has loaded/been mounted
Add correct type interfaces for variables. remove any
Remove console log statements
✅add loading spinners
✅ check if user has anything in their cart before tehy place order 
✅Review rating is not changeable by user.it's always five. fix that
remove 'unknown variable type' error in ts
✅ Create components for inputs and buttons, cart summary
Change site metatags
✅Form validation
Change src link of images in categories nav. it's static
✅After user has logged in, redirect them to prev url
✅Check: number of items in cart is not reactive (the value in the cart icon doens't change until a full page reload happens)
✅  remove user_id variable in pages
✅Create custom 404 page
✅ the protected routes can't be accessed from the browser
Allow user to delete address. To be done once we create their profile
Change/reset password logic

CHANGES I'VE MADE TO VIEWS.PY
Add isRightUser function
For absence of items, return None instead of error
Change login_required redirect url. how do i remove this param from url. ?next=http://127.0.0.1:8000/eridosolutions/...
Change some error codes
in two urls (add to cart, get cart), got rid of the id in url


✅ Qs. Should we check if isRightUser on every get/post/del/put request. i think we should

CHANGES IN BACKEND
Add view to get orders of specific user


DATABASES
Admin can't delete from the dashboard. some foreign key constraints fail. Check that. eg deleting an order


CHANGES I'VE MADE 02/April
categories model. name should be unique
getting products in a category. use name instead of id. change in urls.py and views.py
In models.py, OrderItem doesn't have review_id attribute. remove that line
Allow users to update cart item in the /cart page